Chore: Update UI instructions for new UI workflows (#5205)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/dev-portal/azure-ad-dcr.md

Now that the application auth strategy is configured, you can apply it to an API.

> 1. Navigate to your Dev Portal in {{site.konnect_short_name}} and click the **Published APIs** tab.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to your Dev Portal in {{site.konnect_short_name}}, select the Dev Portal, and click the **Published APIs** tab.
```

> 1. Select the API you want to publish, and select your Azure auth strategy for the **Authentication strategy**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Select the API you want to publish, and select the Auth0 auth strategy for the **Authentication strategy**.
```
